(snoring)
♪ ♪
(Astral) In our duels together,
Yuma and I have gathered
50 Number Cards.
This leaves 50 remaining.
When I acquire
all 100 Number Cards,
my missing memories will return
to me at long last.
And while I am anxious to learn
what secrets they will unlock
about my past,
I am not sure how
they may govern my future.
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ And just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls can't
be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regretting never
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Big defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
♪ ♪
(Mizar) Dumon.
(Dumon) Yes, Mizar.
Girag and Alito
have made no progress
in collecting Numbers.
Their failures mandate
that I send you
to see that we succeed.
Take these with you.
What are those?
Baria Sphere Cubes.
These will allow you to create
a temporary Sphere Field.
When we battle
within Sphere Fields,
we can duel with all our power,
even in the human world.
We are now free from having to
use incompetent human duelists
to battle on our behalf.
With these we can take on
Yuma Tsukumo
and retrieve the Numbers
using our own
devastating might.
I never imagined we would
have cause to use these,
but Girag and Alito's
failures have forced my hand.
One of the three is yours.
Give the other two
to Girag and Alito.
I hope they do not
disappoint me again.
My faith in the two of
them has faltered.
I am relying
principally on you, Mizar.
Defeat Yuma Tsukumo
and retrieve the Numbers.
I will not fail you!
I hope that is the case.
♪ ♪
(rumbling)
(growling)
(groaning)
Failure is not possible
with this card in my deck.
♪ ♪
(groaning)
Yuma!
(growling)
(groaning)
Astral!
(growling)
No, Astral!
(yelling)
That's not my
favorite way to wake up.
That dream.
Whoa, it was just
so real and scary.
Get it together.
I can't let
a nightmare freak me out.
If I'm going to be strong enough
to protect Astral,
I've got to be
ready to stand up to anything.
♪ ♪
(Alito) I draw!
I draw!
My move!
Attack!
995...
996, 997...
998, 999...
I can't go on.
Ha, so big yet so weak.
Be quiet!
You should be thanking me
for keeping you
company while we train.
Not bustin' my chops, wise guy!
Look there.
♪ ♪
Can it be?
(thundering)
Someone's come from
Barian World.
Not good.
They made quite the entrance.
Who do you think it could be?
(Alito)
I have an idea,
but I hope I'm wrong.
I'm right.
This could get ugly.
Welcome, Mizar.
A Baria Sphere Cube?
So you say
that with this thing,
we can create a Sphere Field
and then have
our duels inside it?
Best of all,
we can use all of
our Barian power.
This is great!
If we have our Barian Power,
we'll be unstoppable!
There's no way we'll lose!
Well, I think that
remains to be seen.
Wait, Mizar, where do you
think you're going?
We'll prove that
we've got what it takes.
♪ ♪
(Ray)
Hey, Tori,
what's up with Yuma?
He's not his usual
friendly self.
He looks really
down in the dumps.
Did someone put gum in his
deck or something?
I don't know.
He's been like that all day.
Could be 'cause Astral hasn't
shown up yet.
As usual, your cooking's
great, right, Yuma?
Mmm-hmm, mmm-hmm.
Yuma, it's your favorite?
I'm just not very hungry.
What?
(Yuma)
It seems like there are more
and more Barian World duelists
popping up every day.
And that's bad news for me,
'cause every time I duel them,
their game has me scrambling.
Whenever they summon a Chaos Xyz
monster with Barian's Force,
they steal
my monster's overlay units
and then weaken their
attack points.
I'm totally at a disadvantage.
It's like before
I even get a chance
to think about their move,
they're on to the next one.
I'm always one step behind.
And that is not good
for my game.
Which means I've gotta
find a way to outduel them,
or Astral's days are numbered!
♪ ♪
Yuma, come on.
Pick up the pace, would ya?!
(Yuma) Easy for you to say.
You try carrying
five tons of groceries
up a three-mile stone
staircase
and see how fast you go.
Why did I have
to do this again?
It was your Grandma's idea.
Tori, Yuma's not been himself
so I thought it best to send
him to see Master Roku.
Come on, Yuma,
we're almost halfway there!
Oh...
Anybody home?
Hello?
Master Roku?
♪ ♪
Ahh...
Kaze!
Long time no see, Yuma.
Sorry, Master Roku isn't here.
He's vacationing in
the tropics.
How do you like that?
I climb up five gagillion
stairs to bring him food,
and Master Roku's
off sunbathing.
Why don't you take it easy
and rest for a bit, Yuma.
You can stay
as long as you like.
And that way, you'll be good
for your walk home.
♪ ♪
(Yuma)
These monsters were used by
legendary duelists.
Wish I had that kind of skill.
I'm not even sure I have what
it takes to protect Astral!
♪ ♪
(yelling)
Uh...
(Tori)
I wish I knew
what was troubling him.
(Kaze) Yuma?
I know that look, want to talk?
It's just...
Well, when anything's
bothering me,
I remind myself...
I never have to face it alone.
Uh, you see, it's...
Well, maybe these will help.
Huh, what are those?
Master Roku thought you might
drop by while he was gone.
He asked me to
give you these cards
if you looked troubled
or upset.
Roku.
He's incredible.
The Master always seems to know
just when his students
need him most.
(Yuma)
Master Roku
gave me two cards.
One to attack and one
to defend.
I wonder if he meant
for me to use these two cards
against any Chaos Xyz Monsters
I happen to...
Why would you do that?!
Thought the water would help
wash that serious look
off your face.
Well, I can look
however I want, Tori!
Then try the """wet" look!
(laughing)
It's not for me!
Let's see how it looks on you!
(laughing)
I'm back!
You're late!
I've been waiting forever!
Oh just calm down, Reginald.
♪ ♪
Rio?
It's coming!
It's flying straight for us!
And nothing
is going to be spared!
Total destruction in its wake!
What are you talking about?
What's flying?
Destruction?
(Tori)
Any reason we're
taking the long way home?
Is there something you wanna
ask me, Mr. Tsukumo?
Me, ask you?
No, why?
I know everything, I'm cool!
You, cool, I'm not so sure.
Speaking of cool,
it's getting chilly.
Let's pick up the pace...
Ahh!
Tori!
(Mizar)
Oh, I wouldn't
be concerned with her.
You are better off worrying
about yourself, Yuma.
Who are you?
Why'd you blast my friend?!
To get your attention
and it worked.
I activate
a Barian Sphere Field!
♪ ♪
What's going on?
This cannot be good!
(gasping)
Oh, my!
What is happening to us?
Who are you?
My name is Mizar!
Remember me well.
For I am the last duelist
you will ever face!
(alarm blaring)
(Orbital 7)
I am detecting
abnormal energy
at Point 753 in
the Woodlands area!
Abnormal energy?
Yes.
A sphere field has formed
like the one created by
Dr. Faker.
A sphere field?
This is bad!
I'm not scared of you
Barian bozos,
so bring it on!
(laughing)
(Yuma) If I don't beat him,
I'd be letting Astral down
and maybe for the last time.
Losing is not an option.
I know that beneath your
tough exterior
hides a terrified boy.
Terrified?
No way!
Then you don't know
what you're up against.
Yuma.
Let me be clear.
You will lose.
Everybody says
that before I beat 'em!
Let me show ya!
♪ ♪
Duel Disk, go!
DuelGazer, let's roll!
(woman)
Augmented Reality Vision Link
established.
Let's duel!
I'm going first!
I draw!
Yuma, what is going on?
So glad you joined us.
Welcome.
You can see me...
who are you?
(Yuma) Maybe I can explain.
He's from Barian World!
Indeed.
But when I'm through, he won't
remember where he's from!
I summon...
Goblindbergh!
When I summon this,
I can have another guest
join our party too!
And it looks
like it's right on time.
So say hello to Ganbara Knight!
♪ ♪
Now that our guests are here,
I overlay my Level 4
Goblindbergh
and Ganbara Knight!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon,
Number 39: Utopia!
(Yuma)
My gut's telling me that
now is the perfect time
to use the cards
Master Roku left for me.
With these, when Mizar summons
a Chaos Xyz Monster,
I'll be ready for him.
I just hope Master Roku
knew what he was doing
by leaving
these two cards for me.
Otherwise this is gonna
be a short duel.
I equip Overlay Chain
onto Utopia!
And with it,
Utopia's Overlay Units
will be wrapped up
good and tight
so you can't take them!
I see.
Now if Mizar plays
Rank Up Magic Barian's Force,
and summons a Chaos Xyz
with it,
then it cannot
steal your Overlay Units.
I am quite surprised.
Your move is
certainly not typical
of your usual strategies.
Overlay Chain focuses
on defense.
I would have anticipated
you to play Overlay Barrage.
It sends all your Xyz monster's
Overlay Units
to the graveyard,
and gives your opponent
500 points of damage
for each one.
It would appear
that you actually
applied careful thought to
this maneuver, Yuma.
Yeah, well,
I gotta be extra careful.
I see.
Not a bad strategy.
With that I end my turn!
I should thank you
for summoning Utopia.
It was just what
I needed, Yuma.
Let me show you what I mean!
Radius, the Half-Moon
Dragon, go!
I can only bring it out
when there's an Xyz Monster
on your field.
And not only that,
its Level doubles!
Next, I summon Parsec,
the Interstellar Dragon!
Now!
With my second Dragon at hand,
the time draws near
for my monsters to
merge their might!
Both his monsters
have the same Level.
That means...
I overlay Level 8 Radius,
the Half-Moon Dragon,
then Parsec,
the Interstellar Dragon!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon a monster
stronger than a Cosmic Storm!
A behemoth with the ability to
bend time to do its will.
An interstellar terror
leaving
destruction in its wake!
Arise my beast!
For we shall claim
victory for Barian!
Come forth!
Number 107!
Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon!
(growling)
A Number over 100?
That monster!
It's straight
outta my nightmare!
(growling)